
The Secret Sea Meadow

This is the story, about Xayah, Yago and Zuri. Xayah was adventurous orca girl,
Yago a lovely octopus boy and Zuri an inspring jellyfish hermaphrodite. They
were all young, and the best friends one could have.

Xayah, Yago and Zuri had many other friends, some older, much older, some
younger, but many of them shared something uncommon in the sea world.

Xayah, Yago and Zuri had a deep emotional connection to each other. If Xayah
showed some courage, all of them felt invincible. If Yago was sad, Xayah and
Zuri also felt sad. And if Zuri came up with an amazing idea, all of them where
bubbling with new plans.

Their friends had other uncommon attributes. Some groups read each others mind,
some could smell each other miles away and a few could hear each other from the
other side of the planet, ... but their stories will be told in other chapters.

Despite that Xayah, Yago and Zuri were best friends, it was still not easy for
them. Their parents expected, that orcas, octopuses and jellifishes all should
only care about each other. Orcas should only play with orcas, octopuses should
only learn from other octopusses and jellifishes should stay within the family
all the time.

What Xayah, Yago and Zuri did, was almost expected. They met at their secret
place far away from everyone else, as often as possible. Reaching their secret
place as not a task for the faint-hearted:

- The first part was an almost impenetrable maze of twining plants. Xayah took
the lead on this. It took them 165 second, to get through the maze.
- The second part was tricky lair with lots of sharp rocks. Yago could always
remember all the dangerous spots, it took them 41 seconds to get through the
lair.
- The third part, was a landscape full of black and white smokers, some of them
which had to be avoided at all cost. Zuri was leading and it took them another
223 second.

How many seconds did it take Xayah, Yago and Zuri to meet at their secret sea
meadow? How many minutes?

... to be continued

Tags

Author: Noctiluca
License: CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
Coding Level: simple
Coding Ideas: sum
Story Content: children, animal, water
Story Genre: fantasy, children
